the poems wines and the novels photos
planets that it rains
And what about how they hope bones
are very well welcome to a
Destiny video I almost do not upload
to the channel but today we're going to see the first
exotic weapon that I got is a
great shotgun and for those who do not know
how difficult it is to get one of these
weapons that are the ones that have the color
yellow background is very very bastard
you have to have a lot of luck and the
time is like something very fun to be
trying to get these weapons
they get 100% randomly so that's good
they have nothing to do simply
you play a game and you play in this
I had to pass some things
missions as a requirements let's say
I had to pass some waves and then
some missions and buy 50 times a
blowjob to was shit and in the end
you got shotgun that looks great
As I am telling you, it is very difficult
get exotic weapons weapons this
caliber at destination so I show you
the exotic for those who have the doubt and
sometimes they ask me what I upload
secrets to the channel and tell me how it
they get guns from the girls at destination
it's pure luck as I'm telling you
it's to the ranges
when you finish a game like a
Weapon generator starts spinning
and the probability of you getting a
yellow is very very little is like a
in a million or something like that not literally
but if it is a very low possibility
get this kind of weapons I wanted them
share this video of this weapon that
I am very happy to have got
It has been a long time since I
I was glad to get a pixel in
a videogame in fifa I get excited when
I play players more or less and in
destiny and good I just got to be
bad mother whore ' chingón a los armas
exotic are very cool if they are
hard to get
when I put it on for the first time
they fix there is a little sign that says that only
you can have two exotic at a time
it's something that I did not know this shotgun in
particular is very strong and the exotic
in general they are too good at
Destiny's there are several very exotic weapons
Chinese I've seen in videos because
well this is how I tell you it's the first
exotic weapon that I have achieved and there
many that look very good
some submachine guns that fire very
bastards for those who do not know these
weapons in addition to being stronger are very
weird so that's why the name
exotic wey I do not have to explain that and
besides that
this little mother chevere chipocludo or
eggs are sold they look much better than
ordinary weapons something else
what I wanted to show you in this video is
that bungie added a secret to destiny
and it is very cool is a reference gay
the bastards that were doing
farming or they were going to a cave
they killed monsters and left you in agra
more or encrypt more or fucking mother wey no
I remember what those mothers call me
guayos worth Verga things that give you
so you can go with the decipher
when you are bitten x you will hear a voice
diabolical good that says not a million
deaths will be enough for the teacher raúl
which is the wey that deciphers these codes
these weapons that you find in
missions in games
for the teacher
for those who do not know and you go to those
caves and you made quotes between traps
because you stayed in one place
firing shooting firing up
to get the armor or things
what do you want, bulli realized
this logically and something cool is that
they put the secret there not as well as
good and we know that they are
doing like a trap by exploiting a
ship that is in the game at the destination
let's leave this little secret alone
I did not find the cave click the
I was looking for a good time being
honest I was like half an hour walking
that's why I did not find her and I
I despaired this is my first weapon
exotic and it's the first secret that
encounter in destine in general there are
several things that supposedly are
references but to me personally not
they make me nothing flashy so no
there were and this is the first
I find as well as what I say ah, it's very
chingón until here I will leave this
small video remember that if you are very
good to comment just leave your like
if you want to comment something related
Do not hesitate to do it and if you have not
subscribed subscribe until then goodbye
yes
Thank you